# `Mabast : The real slim shady.`

`Self-confidence, responsibilities, as well as the commitment toward my passion and work - these are all that I have with me right now and will stay forever.
I believe in hard work rather than talent, as, hard work beats talent when talent fails to work hard. This inspires me a lot to work for greater good and achieve the best I can. I challenge myself to do what I can't.
Because I like thinking outside the box.`

`I love challenges and doing new things which I haven't done before
and since I've now decided to be a leader, I know I need to work even
harder to achieve what I wish for.`

`A few weeks back, I decided to give a presentation in the seminar.
It was challenging for me, I was little afraid, I did not have that amount of confidence to stand up in front so many people and present my thoughts and work, but I did it. The best thing was - I finished
it with full confidence. This helped me to boost up my confidence level.
I could feel how energized I was at that time.`

`Similarly, once, I took the whole responsibility to manage 400 students in my school during the annual functions. It was not easy as things went wrong few times but I took care of it and did the best I could.
I took the responsibility because I wanted to learn how to manage when
things are extreme. This helped me to throw myself out from my comfort zone.`

`I believe that challenges help us to do best. They push us to the extreme and help us to achieve what others can only wish for.`
